Welcome to this special news update.
As reported
in the “Newsroom” section of jw.org,
on November 30, 2018,
the South Korean government
released 57 of our brothers
who had been imprisoned
for conscientious objection.
The Governing Body,
together with our worldwide brotherhood,
rejoices with these brothers
and their families.
The Ministry of Justice
granted an early release for our brothers
who had already served at least 6 months
of their 18-month sentence.
We expect that the remaining eight brothers
will also be released
sometime after they’ve served
six months of their sentence.
They will be the last
of the more than 19,000 Witnesses
who have been sent
to prison in Korea since 1953.
But what led to this momentous event?
During 2018,
a series of historic court rulings in Korea
finally recognized
conscientious objection
as a fundamental right.
This development
now puts South Korea in line
with many other countries in the world
who say that refraining
from military service
for religious reasons is not a crime.
As a result of these rulings,
the prison doors
were opened for 57 brothers.
Recently, our branch received a report
from the elders appointed to assist
our imprisoned brothers.
They said that brothers
who have served at least six months
of their sentence
could be released early on parole.
It was such great news
that I almost couldn’t believe it.
My son will be released
two months earlier than expected.
I’ve heard that two months
in prison feels very long.
Well, even a single day feels long.
Since our brothers in the past
had been allowed parole
after serving at least 14 months,
this was a great surprise to our brothers,
and many were
beside themselves with joy.
It’s been over a year
since I’ve been able to hug my son.
When I meet him tomorrow,
the first thing I want to do
is give him a warm hug
and tell him he did a good job
staying strong in prison.
My son was a caregiver for ill inmates,
which can be dangerous
because of bloodborne diseases.
So he’d always show me
he had no open wounds
on his hands and feet.
Tomorrow, I’ll be able to hold those hands,
and I don’t plan on letting go.
Finally, 57 brothers
were released at the same time
from 16 different prisons
throughout South Korea.
It’s an amazing development!
The Supreme Court’s
not-guilty decision last month
was pivotal in our brothers’ early release.
It stated that those
‘who object to military service
‘based on a conviction that is deep, firm,
and genuine should be protected.’
Many developments in the past few years
led up to this wonderful outcome.
For example, since 2007,
the Governing Body provided assistance
and encouragement to our brothers
to make a fine defense in court.
As a result,
more than 120 not-guilty decisions
were rendered in the lower courts.
The Constitutional Court,
which had deliberated
on this issue for many years,
rendered a historic decision,
declaring that the absence
of alternative service is unconstitutional.
Furthermore, international
human rights organizations
recommended the releasing
of conscientious objectors.
Also, our brothers worldwide
have prayed incessantly
for our imprisoned brothers.
We believe these prayers
were an important factor
that brought about this great change.
They also sent
many letters of encouragement
for our brothers to the branch,
and every one of these
were forwarded to them.
There is no doubt these letters
helped our brothers to endure.
Now our brothers
who were separated from their families
for many months have been reunited.
I’ve been looking forward
to this day so much,
and I’m so happy
to be with my family again.
Thanks to Jehovah’s protection,
we’re able to have our son
back in our arms in good health.
We welcome this decision
and are overjoyed
at the early release of our brothers.
We look forward
to seeing our brothers using their freedom
to bring praise to Jehovah.
He has brought salvation
and shown favor to our brothers
walking the path of integrity
for the past 65 years.
We are grateful
for Jehovah’s loving care.
First Peter 2:19 states:
“It is agreeable
when someone endures hardship
and suffers unjustly
because of conscience toward God.”
This strongly applies
to you brothers in Korea.
Through your long legacy
of faith and endurance,
you have set
a sterling example of integrity
and given a powerful witness.
As a result, you have
Jehovah’s smile of approval.
Our thanks go to your families
and all those around the world
who have kept you in their prayers.
The words of Romans 10:11
echo a fundamental truth about Jehovah:
“No one who rests his faith
on him will be disappointed.”
Yes, all praise and honor go to Jehovah!